pages*: add missing mnemonics (part 1) (#12143)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/badblocks.md

`sudo badblocks {{/dev/sdX}}`

- Search an unmounted disk for bad blocks with a [n]on-destructive read-write test:

`sudo badblocks -n {{/dev/sdX}}`

- Search an unmounted disk for bad blocks with a destructive [w]rite test:

`sudo badblocks -w {{/dev/sdX}}`

> - Use destructive write test and [s]how progress and [v]erbose status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the destructive write test and [s]how verbose progress:
```

`sudo badblocks -svw {{/dev/sdX}}`

- In destructive mode, [o]utput found blocks to a file:

`sudo badblocks -o {{path/to/file}} -w {{/dev/sdX}}`

> - In destructive mode, use improved speed using 4K [b]lock size and 64K block [c]ount:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the destructive mode with improved speed using 4K [b]lock size and 64K block [c]ount:
```
